chore(docs): PG on the client (#1215)
electric-sql/electric: docs/integrations/drivers/server/pglite.md

---
title: PGlite
---

> ElectricSQL supports [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) server application using [PGlite](https://github.com/electric-sql/pglite/), our lightweight WebAssembly build of Postgres.

Reviewer: "server application" should be in plural form

> ElectricSQL supports [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) server application using using [PGlite](https://github.com/electric-sql/pglite/), our lightweight WebAssembly build of Postgres.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ElectricSQL supports [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) server application using [PGlite](https://github.com/electric-sql/pglite/), our lightweight WebAssembly build of Postgres.
```

## Dependencies

Add `@electric-sql/pglite` as a dependency to your app, e.g.:

```shell
npm install @electric-sql/pglite
```

See the [PGlite repo](https://github.com/electric-sql/pglite/) for more information.

## Usage

```tsx

> import { electrify } from 'electric-sql/pglite'

Reviewer 3: One suggestion is that whilst we have these very similar import paths, the two import statements would benefit from comments, e.g.:

```tsx
# Import the PGlite database client.
import { PGlite } from '@electric-sql/pglite'

# Import the adapter to electrify PGlite from the ElectricSQL library.
import { electrify } from 'electric-sql/pglite'
```

Or better wording.

And then do this everywhere, including in the blog post content samples, etc.

Reviewer: Interesting comment syntax @thruflo :sweat_smile:
Make sure to use `//` instead of `#`

import { PGlite } from '@electric-sql/pglite'

// Import your generated database schema.
import { schema } from './generated/client'

// Define custom configuration if needed
const config = {
  url: 'https://example.com:5133'
}

// Create the PGlite database connection. The first argument
// is your database name. Changing this will create/use a new
// local database file.
const conn = new PGlite('/path/to/postgres/datadir')

// Instantiate your electric client.
const electric = await electrify(conn, schema, config)

> // Connect to Electric, passing along your authentication token

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Connect to the sync service, passing along your authentication token
```
